Add minimal Docs (#53)
mozilla/code-review: README.md

# Mozilla Code Review

This project has 2 parts:

* `bot` is a Python script running as a Taskcluster task, reporting issues found in analyzer tasks,

> * `frontend` is an administration frontend (in Vue.js) displaying detailed informations about current analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `frontend` is an administration frontend (in Vue.js) displaying detailed information about current analyses.
```
